Hi there; I'm Dave Riordan. I've had the privilege of spending most of my career in the public interest space and at more prominent tech companies. I've gotten to help public-interest institutions and community-driven movements be more effective while remaining true to their values with a product, experience, and data focus. I've also supported technology-focused organizations incorporating community-driven approaches into their product strategies and operations.  
  
I helped start NYPL Labs, The New York Public Library's R&D group, where we brought the public into the library's inner workings to make the past computable while empowering librarians to use state-of-the-art practices and technologies to advance their work. We also created an open-source e-reader that broke the monopoly on library ebook distribution. I was also the first Chief Technology Innovation Officer at Columbia Journalism School's Brown Institute for Media Innovation, a fancy way of saying I got to spend time helping our students and grantees with their projects at the leading edge of journalism and technology. Most recently, I served as a Product Manager on Spotify's Data and Insights team, developing tools and practices for our data science and user research communities and helping lead the creation of our audio machine learning community and the open-source tools to support it.  
  
I (currently) live in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, with my spouse, Kaitlin (a fellow professional open knowledge advocate), and our toddler. I love to bike, climb and cook, and I am involved with various civic initiatives, such as local safe streets advocacy.