Leads standup:
	- Agendas
		- Monday
			- Themes for week
		- Wednesday:
			- blockers - especially clearable by those in the room
		- Friday:
			- Highs and lows




## team interview Alexandra

- Role now: data analyst
	- enjoy most 
	- joined in 2016, left in 2018, came back
		- integrated nagica into current workflow
		- knows ad system naviga inside and out
		- spent a lot of time working on BI tool on top of naviga
	- Most rewarding: how to make reporting better, guiding decisions from a data perspective
	- Assisting adsales team now - historically nobody doing that
		- take knowledge from data team but do job better before
	- lots of historical complaints about siloing, but has gotten a lot better
		- mark's hub and spoke model made a big difference
		- "how do I help a department if I'm not part of it" but works really well 
- Work with ad teams:
	- started with lead sourcing
	- Moved onto data reporting (e.g. advertiser spent this much in 2020)
	- When returned all naviga all the time:
		- ad order entry, CRM
	- Then moved to work into Informer: BI tool on top of naviga
		- Informer is lots of JS
			- Not an expert, but can make the nubers match
		- Have a feeling will import all the ad entry data into Informer and do the reporting in Informer. 
			- Difficult to make a dashboard that makes sense in any sort of way
			- Informer used for all revenue based reporting
			- sometimes easier to pull data and model it in excel, but there are a few cool dashboards
			- Until naviga data pulled into Google, no way to match up revenue data to impressions
				- Google / Naviga connector works 90% of the time
					- Newsletters match up 
				- BIG OPPORTUNITY: Match up revenue to google data
				- Adsales less a % of bottom line over time
				- Looking at Affinity Groups data - could be really interesting matched to revenue to advertisers


- Inquirer was second job out of college
	- looked at philly.com do they have a ob
	- Left to work at a nonprofit, but came back soon, doing not the same thign but fun

Biggest challenges:

- Team:
	- Good team
		- mark makes it easy with doc day
		- haven't seen the challenges of the team up close
	- In one of the challenges: RevOps / adsales / finance feel like they don't have support from data
		- Had been trying to do gap bridging
			- "we don't know what's happening here, we don't have the resources for this"
				- Could be a methodology strategy here??
	- Open communication
		- Sales has their roundtables, doing standups with sales and data teams
			- creating a more open relationship between adsales and data. Didn't know what they were missing.
			- Can help in liasing function, but can't cover all the serving needs.
				- she's the only one going to data meetings and ads meetings to see how different things match up
				- lots of folks doing excel pivottables
				- "we have a question about x revenue or y adversiser" and can route to the right people
	- How do you priorotize and triage?
		- who's asking, what's the date
			- data-familiar people have jira tickets and due dates
			- Advertising/finance requests are squishier
			- but very project dependent
				- eg last month importing all orders from dec 2020 (switch from prior order entry system to naviga). 
					- 3 week project; reviewing each line of an excel sheet
					- Bills analyst took care of it, but she was coming with a lot of questions, and alexandra doing lots of the data pulls from old order entry system
						- brought a lot of prior knowledge of all of the systems
						- And needed by a hard due date for a budget
					- fell under naviga admin duties. Don't yet have another naviga admin
						- Mostly moved away from: Product entry package entry, updating end-dates for products or rate cards. 
							- Biggest thing is troubleshooting or account updates. Sometimes account updates are slow. Not a big deal to do
								- About 4 people still saddled with naviga work.
						- Plan was: someone from finance took it on, but never happened. Been in a holding pattern. No solution for who would be doing it.
						- Ownership is hard. Should probably be someone in tech support. Systems or tech
							- Troubleshooting on naviga team members in lots of places
							- Historically was beth's project, but she left. Different folks had different modules. 

- Inquirer wide:
	- appealing to a younger market
		- now doing significantly better with some big initiatives, but likely to continue being a problem
		- Legacy of print newspaper appealing to older folks, but shfit toward digital advertisers will feel lack of younger readers
		- Sales trying to sell to folks who want to reach younger people. Not unnoticed
- Communication is an issue:
	- lot of folks opposed to slack
		- good for quick questions, but folks opposed to it for "hey" type questinos
	- Departments can be continually siloed. Finance off in their own minds
		- not their fault. 
		- Selfishly trying to wade between departments and know everything.
			- "we don't know if this person doesn't need to be involved in that"
				- sometimes overexposrue is good
				- With lisa there's been a shift toward more org-wide goals. With all of us working toward one thing, there needs to be increased communication about that thing.
					- eg want to increase 2021 rev by x%, how is newsroom, advertising, fnance all in one room to work collectively toward the goals

How'd we get there?
- "It was The way things were"
	- lot of change in last year
		- culture shift + collaboration
	- Previously feeling of being stuck; we've never done that before
		- stuck mindset among some
		- creates friction, when people opposed to change.
			- Saw firsthand with naviga. "Why are we switching to a system that doesn't work"
				- not necessarially a common thing, but a few very oppose people can limit things
				- old system was 20 years old; bulky, difficult to work with data
				- change needed to "progress forward", had advertising, ar modules
				- Were losing support for old systems
					- some workflows things still broken, many things better


Biggest untapped opportunities:
- the more we become a data driven org, the more we'll be able to knock it out of the park
- Data = Quicker decisions
	- Wait a while to see if advertising works. If we had faster data reporting structures to look more immediately, can make changes to help us move faster.
	- It's a slow org, but data, and more familiarity with data will push us forward faster
- speed vs hesitancy
	- data related areas of org move faster than rest of org
	- very apparent sluggishness to all other parts of the org: decisionmaking and communication
		- if data can permiate those departments, can help guide decisionmaking and identify drivers of differences.
		- They operate on "feelings", and need to wait until the feeling is right
		- Pushign data to the right people will help people make decisions faster
- data as a driver for speed in lots of areas
- "I wonder what impact that will have" -> 6 months later gets instrumennted
	- can we answer those questions when they appear
	- capture the question when it happens then answer it



Spend time on:
- ensuring rest of org understands data's accessible; you just have to ask
- belief from other departmetns that data's difficult to come by, doesn't exist, or hard to ask for what you want to see
	- finance, adsales have had little to do with data and analytics teams
- know if there's a question: ask it. Might not be an swer, bbut might be a really cool answer
- More regular dissemination of information
	- eg weekly kpi report - once in a while a weekly email blast or slack post: here's interestind ata for last month or last week
	- 