# Dayplan
## Tasks
### Overdue
```tasks
not done
due before 2021-12-31
```
### Due today
```tasks
not done
due on 2021-12-31
```
### Due in the next two weeks
```tasks
not done
due after 2021-12-31
due before {{date+14d:YYYY-MM-DD}}
```
### No due date
```tasks
not done
no due date
```
### Done today
```tasks
done on 2021-12-31
```
# Inquirer
## Reference Documents
## Meeting Notes
## Reflections
#question whats the onboarding it’s checklist for every employee? For PDE? For marketing?
- ### [[Darya Ushakova]]
  “Lean hard on [[Mather]]”. Hell yes. Let us know how we can help, but you’re now the hub of ORG insights. They’re learning more about us than we are. They’re sharing them with you. Bring us into your insights process so we can teach the whole company and make sense of what you’re learning. We don’t want to slow you down so let us embed someone with you, to speed you up inherently, share relevant learnings more broadly, and identify opportunities to bring in or commission additional resources for your efforts. 
  
  Email addresses. I keep hearing concern that the low meter rate is squeezing long term reach for short term subscriber wins. I don’t know enough to know one away or the other on this matter. But what if we used this to meaningfully build our prospect list with new signups?
  
  
  Accept our meter rate’s too low, give folks a meaningfully increased number of articles in exchange for registration, and verify that we see an increased subscriber conversion rate from registered users who came through the program. Not only does this satisfy more of those reach ideals, but it creates new touch points in the form of outbound marketing and increased ceiling of on-site first party interactions, including potentially increasing the prospect of device linking (eg mobile and desktop or mobile cell network to home Wi-Fi )
### [[Foundational Data]]
- tracker based analytics
	- how much is accurate? What’s our dark measurement baseline?
	- How much of our traffic do we lack observability into
### #alignment
[HBR - December 14](https://hbr.org/2021/12/effective-digital-transformation-relies-on-a-shared-language)
# Home