# Dayplan
## Tasks
### Overdue
```tasks
not done
due before 2021-12-14
```
### Due today
```tasks
not done
due on 2021-12-14
```
### Due in the next two weeks
```tasks
not done
due after 2021-12-14
due before 2021-12-28
```
### No due date
```tasks
not done
no due date
```
### Done today
```tasks
done on 2021-12-14
```
# Inquirer
## Reference Documents
## Meeting Notes
### Meet the [[Product Design]] Group


People:
- Lindsay - manager
	- 15 years of product design
		- ex comcast info design; joined 2 years ago
	- big advocate for user resaearch
		- hired nicole as first user researcher six months ago
- Westin Lohne
	- 2 years
	- background in frontend eng
	- lot of interactions and animations
		- started doing a lot of mobile & IAP
	- now mostly design system effort
		- translating pentagram visuals to online
- Nicole
- Beth - senior visual designer
	- bridge role between brand and product
	- ex creative director (inhouse and agency)
	  
	  
	  Lindsay:
- org leadership not digitally comprehensive but they want to learn
	- lisa asked. about web accessibility means
	- Last week was able to answer the questionsf what is a design system:
		- lisa was thrilled; going to make all of our poducts more compehenve across suite
		- "thedy might not know why we're putting so many resources into this"
		- honing roadmap as a product team and having that defined by research
			- finally have shared epic baclog
			- why is this prioritized can be asked
			  
			  How to move toward insights org:
- research strategy that spans across departments
- Good at collecting data and not good at doing somethign with it
- put processes in place and leave it do there
	- eg 5 years ago surveys are going out everywhere
		- person managing surveymonkey accoujn - wheo it wasn't her job
- People are writing beautiful jargon questions but without metrics that actually measure it simply.
	- people haven't integreated hypotesis and research question approach
	- people who are writing them aren't testable
	- Stop talking about things that aren't really relevant
	- Westin is person on [[Metrics That Matter]]
	  
	  
	  what to focus on:
- Nicole
	- meeting with everyone
- Beth
	- meet, shadow
- Lindsay:
	- advocate for user research in everything that we do
		- missing voice at this level
		- always talking about user research at the end; not enough as the driver of something
		- "is research telling us we need this feature"
			- matt and becky are good at asking about it, but need at the start of any endeavour
		- we have data; we just need help in tracking it down
		  
		  Pilot projects on foundational research:
- how to reach a more dicverse audience WITH OUR PRICING STRUCTURES
	- jameel
	- Ricky
- Analysis of prices after promotions of major city: We are the most expensive publication in every jajor city with the lowest medium i9ncome of our population
	- New yorokers are setting pricing structure
	- "we talk a lot about dei but don't do a lot to put our money where our mouth is"
	- Hard to go to pete and say "cost less"
		- Digtal only is $17/mo
### [[Mark Loomis]]
#### Schedules
- hawk taking over product < > analytics relationshiop but problems with process; don't want to handoff until it's fixed
	- bad at measuring what we produce. We don't. We don't figure out the time to understand what we plan to impact for ahead of time.
- Becky says "we're operating like this" yet we're not
- "We don't get to finish things; we don't have the time. we get pulled off into something else"
	- examples fully finished:
		- google partnership for churn scoring
			- 1 month churn model; not gotten used and would need to be rebuilt
				- marketing has their own churn model; it's for everybody
- Consumer leadership meeting:
#### Staffing
- Data Engineer hiring
	- [x] #tasks Write an overview of Data Engineer interview Late/Final stage process ⏫ 🛫 2021-12-15 ⏳ 2021-12-14 📅 2021-12-16 ✅ 2021-12-27 ^7v9jko
### [[Hawk Shannon]]
- GTM project
- Mark = awesome and caring.
	- means a lot compared to prior agency work.
- - Biggest opportunities:
	- Inquirer going on TikTok
- Challenges:
	- retention: getting people to get their news from us, from tiktok. Getting kids to read th enews. 
	  
	  Org strategy:
- new to analytics and inquirer; still trying ot absorb whats going on
	- still trying to grasp it all and find fit.
		- Hard being remote. not getting buzz of newsroom and hear people talk about whats going on. Difficult not being enveloped in conversation
			- Joining team standups: good context absorbtion. product standups
			  
			  Process:
- kate and mark helping with process, as opposed to how can i get this done agency
	- fine-tuning me.
- Been doing A/B tests, "Trending in Philly"
	- building out reports now; had a DS do all the reporting before at agency
	  
	  
	  what to focus on:
- role vp data: so bringing in right data
	- keeping people wanting to be a member so doing best to make the website desirable, informative, and coming back
	  
	  
	  what was it like getting inquirer as yoru paper:
- streamlined email digests were really cool
- never had a newspaper in chicago, daily you'd grab on the train
### [[Brian Waligorski]] 1:1 

DBT:
- Start with smaller projects (eg articles + article metrics)
- Most reporting based off of Google Analytics
	- sessions, hit model will let us run most reports
- projects:
	- consolidate to one project
-
- Open questions:
	- Money - what plan?
		- [x] #tasks DBT Team acquisition 🔼 ✅ 2022-01-12
		  
		  
		  Recruiting:
- 5 people last week.
	- Junior to mid-level
	- nobody blew him away
### [[michael zimbalist]]
- What brought you here?
- Strategy
- Pain points
- Organizational challenges
- how we got there
- opportunities
- focus
- ARPU vs LTV
## Reflections
### Slack Gripe
Question for folks:
Whats with our culture of all the 🔒 Slack channels? While I totally understand the desire for privacy in conversations, it's at the potential expense of significant gains in knowledge sharing and discovery across the organization.

I'm new here and keep finding out about all these awesome projects and want to know more about them. Normally, I'd expect to find a project Slack channel where the folks working on it and stakeholders are members. If the project's active, the channel activity's an amazing indicator of who's involved, the maturity of the effort (high volume = active project, low but consistent activity = mature project, no activity = dead effort). And the channel becomes a search goldmine, helping with future support requests and surfacing important Google Docs that are hard to discover otherwise.

Not to mention public channels make things easier for someone who hasn't been involved to jump in.

I'm sure there's a worthwhile reason for the 🔒 channels to be the norm, but in my experience it can really slow down participation unnecessarially. Access to incredibly valuable information requires a "who-you-know" key to unlock an invite, on top of requiring prior knowledge (likely gained through a "who-you-know" connection).

And since I "know" all of you already I feel a lot more comfortable sharing this here, rather than in #general, but I'd really love to hear folks opinions, especially as we try to make it easier to work with one another across all parts of The Inquirer.

(Sidenote: is there a #gripes channel? Or perhaps I'm just not invited to 🔒gripes 😜.
# Home
## #idea [[Obsidian]] / [[Omnifocus]] Plugin
Obsidian plugin for shared task management with Omnifocus.
### Basic Approach:
1. Use Tasks style shortcut UI to create / edit a checkbox task in Obsidian.
2. Appends to a block ID to end of the task line like 


Example:
- ```- [ ] Write an overview of Data Engineer interview Late/Final stage process ⏫ 🛫 2021-12-14 ⏳ 2021-12-15 ^7v9jko {omnifocus URI inserts 33} #oft ```