# Dayplan
## Tasks
### Overdue
```tasks
not done
due before 2021-12-21
```
### Due today
```tasks
not done
due on 2021-12-21
```
### Due in the next two weeks
```tasks
not done
due after 2021-12-21
due before {{date+14d:YYYY-MM-DD}}
```
### No due date
```tasks
not done
no due date
```
### Done today
```tasks
done on 2021-12-21
```
- [x] #task DBT Cloud payment ✅ 2022-01-11
# Inquirer
## Reference Documents
## Meeting Notes

[[bryan deemer]]
- kids love apps
	- 99c 24 hour pass in mobile
- Expansion
	- sports + mobile design sprint for deeper engagement
		- more comments in the app as a possible driver of engagement
	- Comments as a testbed for engagement
	- Location-based expansion
		- [[Lenfest Local Lab|Lenfest Lab]] team doing ML tagging of location mapping
			- reasonably accurate
		- Feed for neighborhoods
- "some of the ways we gather analytics feels heavy handed"
	- ideally: should be able to just pass the article ID
	- instead pass: article ID, author, title, etc
	- now stored in firebase with wrong metadata because it changes
	  
	  
	  
	  Matt:
- subs definition
	- we prorate subscriptions on a day by day basis
	- but if you cancel today, you lose access today, and we prorate it
	  
	  
	  [[Nicole Henninger]]
	  
	  structured questions:
- biggest problems
	- marketing: one of the poorest cities, selling the most expensive subscriptions
		- don't offer free subs for students (we did at one time)
		- our revenue goals often overrride any type of diversity goal
		- we have no socioeconomic based subscripton or free news in certain areas
	- Research basis:
		- don't have a streamlined org research strategy
		- coordination for an inquirer research thing
			- do an inquirer branded survey for gift cards; 3 weeks in, just shit experience
		- We want to act like a tech company, but we're not
			- eg vacation policy
			- nobody knows anything about anything. You're not supposed to take sick days after taking vacation days and I don't know if I'm in trouble or not
			- Policy clarity. Just policies.
			- Turnover in HR is insane.
- How'd we get here:
	- high turnover, we don't pay to retain talent.
		- daniel was way too smart for his job. Did bayesian statistics for fun but was pulling GA tables here. now he's writing r packages for fun.
		- There's tons of documentation. Confluence is a sea of documentation, there's stuff everywhere
		- clash between being a 200 year old company and a 2 year old product team who wants to act like a tech org and they don't get along.
		- we do things the way we've done it for 20 years and people are resistent to chagne.
		- TL;dr: turnover, risk aversion, legacy practices
- biggest untapped opportunities:
	- Local partnerships with colleges, high schools, teachers.
		- being more of a community advocate
	- Research:
		- All the data we have. hundreds of surveys nobodys looked at.
			- some in survey money, some in google forms
			- looked through a few: cancellations
			- "thank god for daniel: needed a way to look through open ended data. He already created a shiny app to do it and what would've taken a week took 20 minutes"
- what to focus my time on:
	- don't know what my jd is. didn't work with carla before.
	- Working on research strategy and making this a process across the org
	- being a voice for this because you have the title to back it up
	-
### [[Aaron Moore]] #pmo
- runs 4 PMs
- Print subscriber data alignment
	- Program managers serving as project management
	-
### [[Brian Waligorski]]
- [[Subscrber Data Popup Squad]] - Definition of Done:
	- Salesforce is originating source of truth for all records related to subscriber data
	- No more hand reconciliation between DSI and Salesforce for any operational or reporting purposes
	- Subscriber data is replicated and highly available in Data Warehouse
	- Reporting from Data Warehouse and Salesforce is identical and uses same underlying methodology
## Reflections
# Home