## Onboarding with [[Ben Deane-Schierloh]] #meeting #onboarding
- background
	- started 2019 as scrummaster and accessibility / agile practicioner 
		- background in musical theater (performer and technical sound design)
		- hired as a non-technical specialist by new head of agile
	- since becky joined, big goals focus; pleased with growth
	- Runs PRISM ERG
		- Running product workshop on outcomes over outputs for ERGs next week
		- Where there's a lack of structure, there's a lack of safety
			- slow moving opposition to structure as a mechanism for safety
	- Product is prioritizing work based on epics in Jira
		- goal to make them logical and understandable outside of the department
		- Place that he's struggled with PMs: lots don't have experience being PMs at an org like this. They miss being a translator between facets of the org AND customers
			- good at working with eng & tech leads. Also design team.
			- good at stakeholder comms... WHERE SCHEDULED
			- usder stories missing THE USERS. Missing user perspective. Missing consumer perspective
		- PMs weren't talking to customers ever.
			- "how easy is it to take 1 customer a week"; took 5 weeks
				- got pushback immediately from CS; elevated up to Pete Doucette
					- "how does this fit into our broader Customer Research strategy"
					- Nicole UX Researcher advocated and still the whole thing got SHUT DOWN
		- 

## Marketing meeting
- Track and include news alerts on a line item
- Weekly conversion report - change in title = change in report
- Cs request/ complaints are down 
	- No rain, no nsnow = huge impact
	- Lost a distributor in a neighborhood; no idea of how many people who'd be getting impacted.
	- #system ServiceCloud
		- marketing using this for an email test campaign; don't know whether using first name vs first + last name
	- #questions are marketing tracking implications and KPIs for experiments and negative impacts, not just key metric impacts?



## [[Daniel McNichol]]

- The history and trajectory of team
	- Started in aug 2016; coming out of bankruptcy
	- Lenfest Institute starts right as he's getting hired
- personal:
	- graduates in 08, navy operations logistics and operations research
	- took a year to retool
	- Interim director of the team: David Shaver (ex digital first media, automattic, now WaPost). Forward looking for the time
		- was no digital analytics team, but apparently there was
		- right around merger of newsrooms (still a few daily news partisans around)
	- Mark was cosponsor - was controller and llooking for all sorts of data
	- Started with a bunch of migrations
		- 2016 - had adobe/omniture + stealth GA, with no use of 
		- 2017 - launched meter paywall
		- 2017/2018 - Arc as CMS
	- Period of stabilization:
		- was just Daniel and Mark for a while. Then got Kate on as an analyst
		- Newsroom hired their newsroom analyst
	- current: Take all these roles
		- great resignation - just take this role
		- Also took on experimentation - hired into the team - Liz; but now more internal analytics PM headcount
			- eventually hoping to have a PM run experimentation as one data product
	- Throughout all of this there was a big need for data engineering
		- tough to balance between backend engineering teams and bi engineering folks
	- Challenge: Friction due to lack of muscle memory in working with analytics
		- Didn't get a ton of adoption and engagement up front
		- lot of measurement plans not created upfront, so difficult to evaluate things
		- been a challenge with product, but picking up with marketing now
	- Product design gets asked a lot of the same "would've been great if you asked us 3 months ago" questions as we do.
		- Analytics tried being a part of squads early on. Didn't have the bandwidth and it still didn't help

Structured Interview Questions:

### 1. What are the biggest challenges the inquirer is facing, or will face in the near future?

- big picture:
	- disrupted legacy org undertaking illusive digital transformation with a lot of skillsets and muscle memory not well established.
		- silos
		- lack of data literacy to think along with us
		- some fundamental digital literacy [which is hard fully remote]
		- lack of strategic thinking and documentation from leadership. tell us what we're trying to do and what's the most important thing
	- Last 2 years have been a dumpsterfire
		- stress and overburden
			- not operating at 100%
		- org maturation going on with leadership expanding, departments expanding, and talent and workflows for new people, in new environments. HARD TO HIT A STRIDE THAT WAY
			- way too much work in progress. too much parallel efforts
			- without knowing what the mnost important thing to do is, can't prioritize their team's efforts. so always reactive and playing catchuyp while attempting to build capacity
				- now acknowledgement from leadership
			- Didn't feel like had agency to move these things through, despite reputation 

### 2. Why is the inquirer facing (or going to face) these challenges?

### 3. What are the most promising unexploited opportunities for growth?
- staffing up and investing in data operations
	- now broader buy-in is good sign
	- had been hitting ceiling. Now need to think strategically. Didn't get buy-in on engineering side.
		- might have agreement in principle with Matt or George, but not having time to engage with it.
			- matt was product AND tech, overseeing eng, and then there's a weird analytics team complaining all the time
	- 

### 4. What would need to happen for the organization to exploit the potential of these offerings
- leadership to advocate for this work AND has the bandwidth and exerptise and attention


### 5. If you were me, what would you focus attention on?
- data strategy pillars approach:
	- most activity recently has been in staffing and resourcing
	- Next putting that to good use and integrating it to the rog and putting to good use
	- Fundamental tech stack maturation and stabilization
		- eg stood up an ad hoc data warehouse
- Workflows and interfaces with leadership
	- understanding whats the priority and it can be communicated what dependencies need to exist
	- what we need too
		- eg whats source of truth for print subscribers
- Primary demand has been on marketing side, while product's rethinking and restaffing


Decision Science:
- hard for work to be effective since it wasn't being productively engaged with
	- no process for strategic decisions as a company
	- we need this function to make our work digestable for the org
	- being empiraal about making strategic decisions and being more product tactical
- was successful early on, but as built up other departments, marketing's beurocracy made less of a burden for someone used to taking on that burden
	- where not optimally involved
- Biggest unlock there is integrating with stakeholders and thinking ahead in advance
- 


# Analysis Everywhere
Inquirer Analytics got its start as a loose affiliation of people doing analysis work in different functions of The Inquirer, coming together under a common banner to benefit from one another’s expertise and comraderie. 