- JOURNAL
	- What's one thing I learned yesterday?
		- There isn't formal schema documentation for DSI. It's all in people's heads.
	- What's one thing I'm grateful for today?
		- To work with kind colleagues who want to make things work despite schedules being insane.
	- What's one thing I want to accomplish today?
		-
	- What's one challenge I may experience today?
	- Any other thoughts?
- Today I worked on:
	- #Permutive Survey
	  collapsed:: true
		- Intake
			- Name:
				- David Riordan
			- Role:
				- VP Data & Insights
			- Which KPIs are you/your team measured by?
				- The company's use of KPIs
			- Team org chart
			- What is your Role in the Permutive Project?
				- Responsible for success of data integration & utilization across the organization. Some oversight of instrumentation & tag management, largely concerned with broader operationalization of the data derived from it.
			- Did you have any involvement in the decisionmaking process?
				- Yes
			- How were you involved?
				- Advisory Committee
		- In this section, we'll be asking questions to understand your expectations for our partnership
			- What has been your previous experience with DMPs?
				- None directly; though the Analytics team has previously worked with the two prior DMPs here at the inquirer. The team saw a ton of potential from these DMPs for getting meaningful user data, but that never really got fully realized as we didn't have an active stakeholder.
			- What are your expectations from the Permutive partnership? [Freeform]
			- Do you have any concerns coming into this deployment? [Yes/no]
		- In this section, we'll be asking questions to understand your goals for Permutive
			- What are your short and longer-term business objectives?
			- How will you, personally, define success in this project?
			- What do you think you're doing well today?
			- What do you think you could do better?
		- In this section, we'll be asking questions to understand your wider product ecosystem
			- Which other products do you and/or your team rely on in your day-to-day?
		- In this section, we'll be asking questions to understand how you would like us to work with you/your team
			- How do you prefer to be kept up to date on Permutive?
			- Is there anything else useful for us to know?
	- Standups
		- Data Eng:
			- Aquil - using Cloud Build to send to GCR
				- WHY?
			- Eva:
				- yesterday: CICD
				- using mypy in vestapol
	- [[rachelc]]  wrote the [Subscriber Welcome Strategy](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1IrE9L9IYFbSt31NyqfQcHrYJNbru8v-E2wv9_BG_njs/edit#slide=id.g1138567f169_0_5) deck
	-