- [[2022-W16]]
-
- #Reflection: We do not have our resources well organized in [[Data and Insights]]
	- Today, [[Matt Boggie]] reached out to me about [[kpi]] dashboards for 2022. I couldn't find it.
		- **It's our responsibility** to get these KPIs updated and visible and available to the whole company. We're failing at that.
- Priorities:
	- Getting a KPI Dashboard #Priority/High
		- Mark made a dbt project
		- When tables are removed from DBT
- meetings:
	- [[Kim Rossmair Johnson]] #meeting/1:1
	  collapsed:: true
		- LATER Need to meet Suzanne from [[inquirer/legal]]
			- handles people well who want to push the envelope
			- Working on email opt-out issues
		- [[Salesforce]] Campaigns: Not yet using
			- Needs to figure out how to get [[Devin Peak]] to run the campaigns so that he can run the imports
			- Will there be issues for folks who aren't already contacts?
				- with DSI; addresses were at least routable
				- Salesforce currently has new subs, active subs, 4 year prior subs
					- with salesforce purge; might need to figure out how to track that we've marketed to them in the past / have an ability to market to them in the future
					- salesforce requirement for purge: will need a way to make any record re-accessible; reindexed
				- What happens if they've opted-out once before?  Did we give them language saying we'd target them again with promotional?
			- What's legacy data?
				- Source data in Listrack (prior to [[Marketing Cloud]] )
					- had ability to permanently opt-out of promotional information (before paywall)
				-
		-
- LATER #Logseq Figure out how to use text expansion for ios to act as a templating tool thats the same between your ipad and desktop logseq; use that to set up your weekly and daily planer in Logseq.
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2022-04-11 Mon 07:34:31]
  :END:
-