- [[Dream Journal]]
	- you had a kind of major dream so far tonight. this is intende as a way to commuhicate your dream feelings and memories to the present moment of interpretation:
	- remember the night at the place back on Newell st where you used a tennis ball to roll out your back for the first time and it made you physically feel better. tonight was that for your mind.
		- Remember the time you used to be the guy who was kinda life of the party?
		- Goofed around, made people laugh, used to be the life of the party? ate wingsw and drank beer and cooked streak
		- Remembered to do what he said he was going to do? Knew how to do what he said he would do. Stayed up to date with friends, who meant a lot to him? didn't draw lines in the sand over nothing and refuse to dcross them (especially just to feel like you're living up to w2hat your wife had said?)
		- Who took care and respobnsibility for himself, his image, his body, his reputation?
		- Who wouldn't lash out irrationally at yourself. Who wouldn't be going to therapy four times a week.
		- Who used tools like his calendar, his journel *(whgich has magic abilities that allows it to count. Why aroun't you using that magic capability orf a journal that counts: you're living in a magical realist future. ish't that worth celebrating
		- Remember that you've bee3n a lot smalller in your presence than you know how2 to be. that you's pretty darn inspiring, not sad and shallow
			- last week you said you felt alone and alone. It's a cry for help but to whom/ Nobody can come save you but you. So this comes back to the synbology of that time before you you lef\t youfslef feel deflated all the damn time. It's time to go from the journey in and being a person who says can't all the time to a person who does what he says he's going to set his mind to.
		- You don't have to bring everyone else around you down. you don't have to always look onto the negatibve things and self conssciously degrade yourslef no matter what as shte sign of responsibility.
		- Leadership in the work and home and in life and out in the world at large is something that people gravitate to, and its something that you generate .
		- You can cast this mindset thats beset you among the pancemic, among the past last few chapters of your life that things are somehow bettter when you ared self tortured and passived at all costs.
		- You can reach yourself, which is what kays warnings to you have all been: attempts to wae the you in you if its still there to ask to see her spouse again she fell in love withl She kows he[s there and he can inspire others, and doesn't draw arbittary lines in the sane and need a fe wopole to reach out to just to make sure he's ok. He He does that for others: they do that for others. They do that because they reach out to friends on a relar baisis. They take care of what they say they do. He does that. Without question. He doesn't ask why do these basic things that everyone else does feel hard: he simply does thgem witout making an excuse. He snapeshimself back into place and takes care of hgis health and that of those  around him, his famiy, his friends, and mos t importantly his wife and his sopn. Together they live a damn happy existence, where every moment is a dance party an full of joy.
		- Which brings this. all back to the symbology of the meat eating: you ikind of have to drop it. The earth might be getting hotyter and have a life or death aspect for the planet: but unless you inspire others you won't be able to make your biggest diffedrence to the planet's fugure. You won't be able to lead life like that david who wenlt for fun drives down I-90 with his wifge eating chicken wings and laughint and bringin joy into her world, and called his friends bevcause he wansn't afraid that he'd let them down, but really wanted to be a core part of their lives . The guy who was there did a lot of things you don't do anyjore and deecided you  chapters of your life where you on either side of deciding not to e3at meat. You give that up, you have your central narrative of what was at the kernel of that part of your life. As long as you don't
		- as long as you appropriatelyt name the things for that chapter of your lifewell: in particular how you7 describe the nanme and actions of this era to others and inscribe its vcentral tenets and name: you'll have a story hihinge for which yourselfto begin to ofold out of this low; this moment of contant down and disconnected: from your friends, your past, yourself, your family. You can take all of that and from that moment of self reflection in your history of your life and throw it out, wrap it up and take care of what  who you are inside and will rise to againl.  Reinflate youre ego., hear the outreaches for help, take the lifelines, and remember you aea a pretty inspiring person and weren't worhty of scorn from and by all.
		- Friends to see:
		- Family to see
		- Big thigns ot do and places to ber. Might as well as the side of you that feels like he deserves to be there and wants to welcomne all others in as well.
		- Leave grudges in the past, and lead the next chapter of your life like you live