- [[Toan Dang]] #meeting/1:1
	- Not into [[Github Projects]]
	- One of his goals for the year: Looking into user metadata and content metadata:
		- e.g blueconic metadata and rolling it up that can benefit customer
	- [[docker]]
		- [[Chris Williams]] is using docker to scrape court dockets
	- [[datadog]]
		- Recently upgraded logging volume
	- Infrastructure pricing monitoring
		- Joana and joe mccollum on [[George Kurtas]] monitoring
			- when put elixr in set baseline price of 300/mo but went up to 3200
		- Gives a heads up when adding a new thing or adding a big chunk of resources
- [[MGG]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Last year of setting up foundations:
		- steady long-tail traffic is the goal
		- dashboards different, tools different
		- > I feel like I've started a cult. I've started a cult of service journalism.
		- Curious Philly: [[Hearkin]] tool in the newsroom
		- Julia: simplicity and clarity:
			- >I could write poetry about her she's so good. I don't write poetry.
	- [[airtable]]
		- It's their content catalog
		- > SEO Head most important thing
		- > problem with building things outside of tools most folks use
		- "This Week" view: curated list of things relevant to other teams this week; useful for social, marketing, email teams
		- First publish different form update
		- huge categories list
			- helps filter shorter lists to share with folks
			- pull up what we've done on passover before
			- what would fit into this collection
		- calendar view
		- One of the challenges with Arc is will not re-add story to latest feed. Programming team doesn't know updates.
		- "Branch"
			- news
			- food
			- activities
			- covid
			- other
		-
	-
- [[data studio]] [feature request](https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/new?component=196095&template=873804):
	- **What's the feature?:**
	  
	  API call to trigger the export of a particular report via PDF when invoked.
	  
	  Today, as a user I can download a report as a PDF, snapshotting my view at a current point in time. Likewise I can schedule email delivery of a report on a set interval (image, PDF, link).
	  
	  It would be good to have an API call that allows me to refresh the report and generate a PDF and image export based on external conditions, so I can then retrieve it and deliver it through other channels.
	  
	  **How do you plan on using this feature?:**
	  
	  To distribute updated reports only when certain data dependencies are met. We would like to be able to schedule workflows that result in the refresh and distribution of a Data Studio report, but only after the source datasets it needs have been updated.
	  
	  With this, we can share vital daily reports over internal channels (like email or slack), without running the embarrassment of sending a report full of nulls because data is delivered at varying times, while the report can only be emailed at a fixed schedule.
	  
	  Likewise, we would like to be able to share these reports through other means, like on our internal company chat, to improve broad visibility into data studio dashboard contents. For public dashboards, [Open Graph previews](https://support.google.com/datastudio/answer/9069190?hl=en) can be displayed, allowing us to make dashboards that are broadly accessible widely visible, but at present, we can't do something similar for assets that are broadly available within our company.
	  
	  **What's the impact that this feature will have on you or your business?:**
	- Increase
	-