- ## [[Mark Loomis]] 1:1
- Comp bump for Kate
	- [x] talk to [[Matt]] about Kate salary adjustment ✅ 2022-02-23
## [[Hiring]]
	- Recruiting with Kelly Etheridge - recruiter
		- Brian's focus areas email
		-
## [[Kate Connolly]]
	- hard to learn how things work within the team but also about the business
		- "can't even have a meaningful conversation about what's going on at that side of the company"
	- [[Newsletters]]: hard knowing whats going on in [[Salesforce]] vs whats going on in [[bigquery]]
		- is this table in BQ; does that have the same logic as the data extension. Who knows, where's that knowledge existing?
			- been a lot of basic source of truth stuff. Is this the table? which is the better one to use. If ashleys looking in the SF UI and its different, where's there a breakdown?
			- Hard to identify where its working and its not, and not many people have knowledge in SF where its happening.
		- "Highly engaged reader" = someone who opens % of emails within a certain period: segmentation metric. started being used as a baseline; strictly open-based.
# Daily Log
	- ## [[Preset#Initial Thoughts on Preset for Inquirer 2022-02-07]]
		- [[Preset]]
	- ## [[Clockwise]]
- ## Newsroom [[Inquirer Content Strategy]] Analytics
	- Workshops:
	  1)Broad Content Ideas- Goals and Outcomes -KPIs. **DETERMINE THE WHAT**
	  2) Revamp on how we cover national syndicate news and developing reporting for national coverage -  **HOW WILL WE GO ABOUT THIS**
	  3) Develop general Principles & Values  around service to each desk - Broad Framing - defining "terms" and what does that mean (defining values" **Overhauling the projects we're doign in the newsroom**
	- [[michael zimbalist]]: We need a product manager issue.
- ## [[Subscriber data warehouse]]
	- Checklist: ((6257269e-8f60-4f1f-8d19-31b3e5f163d8))
	- [[michael zimbalist]]: Segment by the Print Subscribers who haven't