- Setup
	- DONE Insert Today's Notebook Setup Checklist
	- TODO INSERT Journaling Habit
	- TODO Review your schedule for the day
	- TODO Review your schedule for the week
	- TODO [Omnifocus](omnifocus://) task review
- ## [[Priorities for the Week]]
	- 1. [[Data and Insights]] Goals and Roadmap: Update from [[PDE Week]] . Bringing more clarity and consistency to what we've done and discussions we've been having (e.g. next steps for datasets.)
	  2. [[Hiring]]:  Starting [[Data Engineering]]: new team; new rhythms. The new Big [[Data and Insights]]  Team.  [[Hiring/Sr. Marketing Analyst]]
	  3. Research Process: Subscriber Data / Subscriber Lifecycle Partnering 
	  4. Research Process: Next steps: Insights + Research: Documentation, gaps
	- ### Plans for the week:
		- [[Data and Insights]]: Team Structure & Operational ((6241c9cc-c04f-47b9-a695-e4125f169cd9))
			-
		- [[Data and Insights/Data Survey]]
		-
		-
- ## Today I worked on:
	- ### [[Data and Insights]] Team:
		- LATER Need to establish a Data and Insights ((6241c372-f36d-45fd-bfba-444ba540d244)) and ((Team Rituals))
		  id:: 6241c362-6e48-47e5-975f-06520dd4a8ed
		- NOW Operational Rituals
		  :LOGBOOK:
		  CLOCK: [2022-03-28 Mon 11:51:51]
		  :END:
	- [[Hiring/Sr. Marketing Analyst]]
		-
		-
		-
- ## I had these meetings:
	- ### [[Mark Loomis]] #meeting/1:1
		- [[Analytics Team]] structure
			- pete said can we combine Ads and Marketing for Revenue
			- Daniel liked mentoring, but not being the manager of anyone
			- Mark then = individual development + coherence of planning
		- [[OKRs]]
			- [[Development Planning]] end of [[2022/04]]
		- ((6241c98b-9410-475e-a368-f754c41d6326)) for [[Analytics Team]]
			- Team Doc Day used to be a lot of team bonding and personal time coworking at a bar; then became document on a zoom call
			- Development Day had been wishy-washy; have missed those.
			- Aspects were there; the "formalization"
		- Who does what between [[Analysts]] and [[Data Engineers]]
	- ## [[kate]] #meeting/1:1
		- [[PDE Week]] felt a little too product; needed more workshops to mix people up and make things impactful.
		  collapsed:: true
			- Useful for PMs to update everyone on roadmaps; don't often get visibility into that
		- [[PDE Week]] [[Data and Insights]] Team work: Useful to be in person and work through together
		  collapsed:: true
			- did have tangents; but tangents were good
			- Would have been better to workshop individual goals
			- Would have helped to focus conversation earlier if people came having seen the earlier OKRs
		- Work on product: interested in big picture analysis; doing things that PMs have found super valuable
			- don't quite know what the biggest focuses are right now in product
			- interested in jumping in and doing analysis, then building up relationships
			- No real product prioritization at this point; having to figure out cadences and rituals while not in person
				- relationships with PMs were folks most likely to have random conversations with
	- ##
		-
		- ## [Memo](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-w0v80DKlf6OjJyFQWGXqc6C1Z_KLU2vFj4gE9j4nOI/edit) data for [[Hiring/Sr. Marketing Analyst]]
			- [[Matt Boggie]] [wants to know](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-w0v80DKlf6OjJyFQWGXqc6C1Z_KLU2vFj4gE9j4nOI/edit?disco=AAAAWYtlHEs) where the numbers are from
		-
- ## Wrapup
	- What did you accomplish today?
	- What did you learn today?
	- What do you want to do tomorrow?
- ## Scratch