- ## Morning Journal
  collapsed:: true
	- [Journal Template](((62a73923-0d4c-4e1c-a939-7fd90622dd86))) {{renderer :smartblock, Journaling Prompts, Insert Journal, true}}
- ## Day Planning
  collapsed:: true
	- [Review](((62a89da8-158e-4a7a-a23d-f866fb3100a9))) your schedule for [Today](x-fantastical3://show?date=[[2022/06/30]])
		-
	- Review your schedule for [This Week](x-fantastical3://show?date=this week)
	- Review your Tasks
		- In [Omnifocus](omnifocus:///forecast)
		- In [[tasks]]
	- ### Day Thinking
		- #### Today I will work on
			- [[Admap Experimentation Workshop]]
				- Run workshop
				- 1 page plan
			-
		- #### Today I should work on
			-
		- #### Today I would like to work on (but will not)
			-
- ## Actual Work & Scratch
	- ## [[Admap Experimentation Workshop]]
	- ## Matt 1:1
	  collapsed:: true
		- [[Demographics]]
			- Darya & Pete have asked me to take the lead in running an audience demographics workstream, with the aim of understanding who our overall audience is in an ongoing manner.
			- Process
				- Research reboot (baseline & process formation)
				- Ongoing measurement of where we're at and who we're reaching
				- 2023 KPI to have meaningful impact on internal prioritization and move more work toward this
		- Feedback
		  collapsed:: true
			- Stakeholders not seeing progress
			- Need to improve visibility of the work
			- Strategy + communication
			- amplification
			- NOW Need a roadmap for the team due next wednesday DEADLINE: <2022-6-30 Thu 10:31>
			  :LOGBOOK:
			  CLOCK: [2022-06-30 Thu 10:31:26]
			  CLOCK: [2022-06-30 Thu 10:31:35]
			  :END:
			- NOW last six months foundation and where it takes us #Priority/P0
			  :LOGBOOK:
			  CLOCK: [2022-06-30 Thu 10:41:50]
			  :END:
			-
		- Research & Insights
			- consolidate efforts and maybe even orgs
			- Partnering with orgs - thinking about strategically. How can I do that? Partner w/ [[Julia Haslinger]]. How to embed & provide value to company on sustainible basixz
			-
	-
- ## End-of-Day Wrapup
	- [EoD](((62a8f8a3-8e3a-4933-a94d-35cf93d8efe9))) {{renderer :smartblock, eod, Insert EoD, true}}
	- What did you accomplish today?
	- What did you learn today?
		- So much.
		- You are not showing progress externally. This is scaring key stakeholders. This should not be hard to fix.
		- The ads folks are down
		- Growthbook is insanely easy and is ready for adoption
			- To adopt growthbook, we backfill the experiments table, validate metrics against prior experiment analyses
			- Build out new key metrics
		- Product Dashboard [DIRECTIONAL KPIs]
			- 1DAU/28DAU (MAU)
			- % Active subscribers
			- Retention = see max windows
		- Need to show folks what working with good, clean datasets looks like.
			- Document the datasets you've been working with tonight are like around hits + experiments + subscribers + users
				- hits table needs:
					- experiments (array_agg)
					- browser
					- scroll depth events
					- clearer way to denote what page or URL a hit is on (e.g. scroll depth capture on articles and sections)
					-
				- sub_engage_daily = bad agg table; should be relying on agg_sub_engagement +  dim_subs_YYYYmmdd
				- agg_user_engagement should be:
					- day_date
					- sf_user_id
					- is_subscribed
					- subscriber.
						- subscription_id[nullable]
						- is_print_subscriber
						- is_digital_subscriber
						- is_ingrace
						- is_canceled (in period where has terminated account, bugt still has remaining period of access)
						- is_delivery_onhold (has print delivery on hold)
						- is_flipped (or whatever we call the periods where we adjust rates)
						- is_ratebumped
					-
					- is_newsletter_subscriber
					- newsletter_subscriptions (number of newsletter subscriptions)
					- newsletters. (START AS ITS OWN TABLE THEN JOIN IN)
						- NLNAME.is_subscribed
						- NLNAME.opened
			- This will allow us to build a backlog for data improvements, not jsut for eng features
	- What are the things you worked on today?
	- What do you want to do [Tomorrow]([[2022/07/01]])?