title:: 2022/05/12

- Setup
	- DONE Insert Today's Notebook Setup Checklist
	- TODO INSERT Journaling Habit
	- TODO Review your schedule for the day
	- TODO Review your schedule for the week
	- TODO [Omnifocus](omnifocus://) task review
## Today I worked on:
## I had these meetings:
	- [[Matt]] #meeting/1:1
		- Salesforce + DSI
			- Separating reporting shifting from functional shifting
		- Amanda and folks on PMO:
			- hard to nail down what we'retyring to get done and shifting priorities
			- seeing scatteredness
			- "Not doign the homework sometimes"
				- time management prioritzation stuff
			-
		- Things I need to do to be effective even if they're selfish
		- Better understanding of goals and things to meet them
		- Pagespeed
			- Inventory of all the trackers
				- [[Toan Dang]] talking about apollo 13 style add to the page
		-
	-
## Wrapup
	- What did you accomplish today?
	- What did you learn today?
	- What do you want to do tomorrow?
## Scratch
	- I love this explainer on how to use BERTopic so much! First of all it's a step by step walkthrough of how to use those super fancy transformer NLP models to find related & similar clusters of documents. Topic modeling was one of those hot NLP approaches about 10 years ago and helped power some of the large scale automated sifting tools used for huge document dumps like the Panama Papers. So it's super cool seeing how to update the approach with state of the art techniques. 
	  
	  But what I actually like most about the piece is how it goes into the methods in the middle: reducing the dimensionality of the data and creating clusters that can both be globally meaningful, and still be meaningfully subdivided (finding clusters in clusters).
	  
	  The combo of these techniques (UMAP and HDBSCAN) are super reusable. I first saw them a few years ago as a way to do interpretable segmentation: a data scientist could write a query, use a few out of the box techniques to turn the results into embedding, but then it facilitated a conversation between data scientists and user researchers to unpack and try to understand the segments (were there meaningful groupings or was it just noise, was
- [[GA4 Migration]]
	- Google signals
		- Activating Google signals gives you more holistic demographic and interest data.
		- Google signals is data from users who sign in to Google. When Google signals data is available, Analytics associates event data it collects from users with the Google accounts of users who are signed in and consented (by enabling Ads Personalization) to share this information.
	- Geography dimensions
	  Geography dimensions (e.g., City, Region) are approximated based on the IP address of the traffic.