title:: 2022/06/13

- Setup
	- DONE Insert Today's Notebook Setup Checklist
	- DONE INSERT Journaling Habit
	  collapsed:: true
		- What's one thing I learned yesterday?
		- What's one thing I'm grateful for today?
			- The ease of my life.
		- What's one thing I want to accomplish today?
			- Create OKR workshop.
		- What's one challenge I may experience today?
			- Under-prepared for morning meetings.
		- Any other thoughts?
			- Friday afternoon is not to "Wrap Up" the week. Friday afternoon is to prep for NEXT Week.
	- TODO Review your schedule for the day
	- TODO Review your schedule for the week
	- TODO [Omnifocus](omnifocus://) task review
-
- ## Today I worked on:
	- FOCUS TIME!
		- [[Data and Insights/Data Survey]]
			-
		- Roadmap Workshop
		- Tickets
		-
		-
- ## I had these meetings:
	- [[PDE/Leads/Themes for the Week]]
		- [[Q3 OKRs]]
		- [[Data and Insights/Data Survey]]
	- [[mark]] #meeting/1:1
		- Need more of a roadmap before we do OKRs.
		- NOW Book Wednesday Afternoon Roadmap Leads Workshop
		  :LOGBOOK:
		  CLOCK: [2022-06-13 Mon 10:26:44]
		  CLOCK: [2022-06-13 Mon 10:26:45]
		  :END:
	- [[Data Leads]]
		- Roadmap
		- Data dive
			- survey
			-
	- [[Alexandra]] #meeting/1:1
		- [[Google Ad Manager]] Data Transfer Requirements
			- We would need several of the files to get a baseline to get what he'd be looking for
				- Multiple reports needed, $1200/mo/report
				- If we can get the core data from the API
					- "Lauren, Bill, Terrance, and Max: everything they've asked for over time"
						- baseline metrics vs breakdowns
				- Lots came through the [[Programmatic Dashboard]]
					- one of the first dashboards [[Alexandra]] built herself, even though there's very little in the GAM connector.
					- > only about 70% of the data in the GAM connector, but that 70% is really useful
					- Multiple programmatic marketplaces:
						- Google: GAM; Amazon TAM
						-
	-
- ## Wrapup
	- What did you accomplish today?
	- What did you learn today?
	- What do you want to do tomorrow?
- ## Scratch