- Welcome back to Logseq and outliner world, David! This world has been missing you!
- Where has David Riordan gone? #Personal/Realization
  id:: 6237a125-dc7b-4757-9fab-ee5da1c4fc3f
  collapsed:: true
	- Where's your unstoppable energy, your constant movement forward, your voraciousnesss, your passion? Where did you let that go? You were aggressive: aggressively positive, aggressively inclusive, and aggressive in your positive ambition. You moved quick to help others to move quickly.
	- Now what's become of you? You sit paralyzed by fear of your todo list, dominated by imagined obligations. Fuck that. You've tried to contain David Riordan to harness David Riordan. To harness David Riordan, you've actually got to train David Riordan and let him go full-force. Go.
	- You do this naturally with other people. You need the help to do that when you're alone. You must recalibrate yourself to get that reward of collective success in greater doses, albiet more infrequently. If you can do that, you'll succeed in this role.
	- It's time to stop doing nothing, while calling it planning. It's time to start doing and doing every day.
- ## Today I:
	- Made #kava Java for the first time
	- Made pancakes
	- Dropped off laundry (pickup [[2022/03/21]] )
	- Got gas for the grill at Home Depot
	- Re-seeded the lawn
	- Moved Zev's bike seat to Kaitlin's bike
	- TODO Tried to write a [memo](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-w0v80DKlf6OjJyFQWGXqc6C1Z_KLU2vFj4gE9j4nOI/edit) about staffing for the
	- Had a major realization ((6237a125-dc7b-4757-9fab-ee5da1c4fc3f))
	- Started working in Logseq again!
		- Created the [[logseq]] page and ((62379de4-41e2-4162-a949-7c47aee31942)) section
	-
		-
	-
	- Setup
	  collapsed:: true
		- DONE Insert Today's Notebook Setup Checklist
		- TODO INSERT Journaling Habit
		- DONE Review your schedule for the day
		- DONE Review your schedule for the week
		- TODO [Omnifocus](omnifocus://) task review
	- ## Projects:
		-
	- ## Meetings
	- ## Wrapup
		- What did you do today?
		- What did you learn today?
		- What do you want to do tomorrow?
	-
	-
	-
	-