## Morning Journal
	- [Journal Template](((62a73923-0d4c-4e1c-a939-7fd90622dd86))) {{renderer :smartblock, Journaling Prompts, Insert Journal, true}}
## Day Planning
	- [Review](((62a89da8-158e-4a7a-a23d-f866fb3100a9))) your schedule for [Today](x-fantastical3://show?date=[[2022/07/08]])
		-
	- Review your schedule for [This Week](x-fantastical3://show?date=this week)
	- Review your Tasks
		- In [Omnifocus](omnifocus:///forecast)
		- In [[tasks]]
	- ### Day Thinking
		- #### Today I will work on
			-
		- #### Today I should work on
			-
		- #### Today I would like to work on (but will not)
			-
## Actual Work & Scratch
	- ## [[Marketing]] Needs with [[Dan]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- Acquisition:
			- [[Sarah Jarvis]] has a lot of requests re meter optimization on web and app
				- Wants to make sure that's still relevant considering our diminishing returns
				- Also - Acquisition
					- Registration = subset, especially softer paywall
					- Differentiate that when communicating numbers
					- Need to communicate different types of meter stops
		- BIG ONE: [[Retention Reporting]] and [[Segmentation]] HITS ALL DEPARTMENTS
		  collapsed:: true
			- James on [[rachelc]]'s team: How much do we throw at Bracket Jawn customers next year for acquisition.
				- Retention = acquisition budget forecast. How much do we want to spend per customer acusition for channels given how long they stick around? How much effort do we want to put to things given how long they stick around?
				- Retention = segmentation opportunity sizing
			- [[Darya]] irritated at [[Mather]] only offered retention over last 5 years, but not by segments and not live
			- Daniel's retention reporting approach: good foundation to what we want to do
				- expand the viz and end user interaction
					- survival curves with drop-downs
						- survival curve comparison
				- Potential product roadmap
					- Segmentation -> audience insights
				- Hex app could work
				-
			-
			-
		- NEW - Paid Media Dashboard. HITS ALL DEPARTMENTS
		  collapsed:: true
			- Every sub-department of marketing has marketing/seo/paid media going on, tracked in individual systems
				- FB, Instagram, Google, Twitter
				- Paid Search & Paid Social
				- This is coming into Supermetrics already **Which I didn't know we were doing** into Data Studio
			- They track CPA's very closely, but not aggregated today
		- Partnering w/ finance to improve data process
		- TLDR: Faster we can connect this to dollars.
			- Product too: Cancellation experience to higher dollar figures
		- Dashboard use:
			- Many used multiple times a day, but only use specific parts.
			- opportunity to bring together
		- Unknowns:
			- Salesforce & email: Only at aggregate level
				- Don't have modeled user-engagement per-email
				- don't know of SFMC has data t that granularity
			- Retention - just a lot
				- Gets longer the closer we get to the end-goal of satisfying their segmentation and scalability
			- Weird not knowing where anything is, but getting better at capturing and opportunities
				- Hard to find: general sense
			- Surprises:
				- no retention reporting
			- Hidden opportunities:
				- People looking at very specific things on one dashboard, but there's an opportunity to pair that down and give better quality
					- redoing meter dash
					- building audience insights off of retention segmentation
				- Paid media dashboard could be an easy win
			- Interests
				- Retention = top priority
				- Acquisition priority on experiments too
				-
	- Next steps. onUSD with [[Aaron Moore]]
		- Go over next steps for Phase 2 with Dan and come up with timelines.
	- ## [[Matt]] prep
		- ### Foundation
			- Data Team & Data Platform
				- Hired Data Team and created a Data Platform to facilitate and accelerate analysts working with data
				- Brought in new tools for analysts (dbt, hex, airflow)
				- Grew data catalog to include missing datasets for key domains
					- Ad domain (which has one data analyst on staff) realized they were missing key data to monitor many of their most important providers. Brian and Alex worked together to build new bespoke ingestions for these datasets.
					- Enabled new Ads dashboard, which became part of foundation for Admap 2.0 effort
				- solidify reliability of existing data sources
					- Much closer to knowing when things go wrong with data and preventing it in the first place
						- NEXT STEPS: turning this on for KPIs, on top of the raw data
				- Improved usability of many datasets, improving speed of analysis
					- newsroom production, article performance, web traffic, salesforce accessibility
			- Analysis
				- Newsroom - Content Strategy. Julia did her thing. She did it faster because she was able to partner with and build on top of the more accessibile datasets and faster tools. This allowed for the "computering and mathing" to become more behind-the-scenes so that she and stakeholders could really focus on the actual challenges of understanding our content performance, staff performance, and shape a coherent content strategy from data and the expertise of our staff.
				- Kickoff of subscriber data
					- First time any of the participants on the team had undertaken a real major data modeling exercise, using tools they'd never used before, and with a complex network of stakeholders who were hard to book time with. Eventually we got things moving, but it took ~4 months to really get rapid week-to-week delivery rather than lots of pre-work and wheel spinning.
					- When completed this'll be the foundation not only of our Retention Reporting for marketing (which will facilitate all segmentation and opportunity sizing), but also serve as the basis for customer engagement metrics, nuanced email performance analysis, and automate some of the most tedious tasks for RP&A's weekly performance analysis.
				- Kept all experiments moving
					- There wasn't an experiment proposed we didn't launch and begin analysis of. Mark and Kate singlehandedly kept product
				-
					-
				- Newsroom data sources (septa, covid, city jobs) building bridges w/ data reporters
		- ### Roadmap
			-
		- ### Visibility
			- Current blockers to visibility:
				- Had been missing key personnel for Marketing Analytics until mid-May and product analytics had been pulled into Subscriber data project. Analysts are how the data and insights team delivers most data value, so until now we've been unable to meaningfully meet marketing & product needs. Now that that's unblocked, expect drastic improvements in delivery.
				- Proposals for things like Research Guild & Incident Response stalled. I wound up deprioritizing these in the moment to try and keep higher priority efforts like Unify Subscriber Data moving (which took months to really gain traction). In hindsight, I wish I'd realized I was getting diminishing returns on USD and gotten those over the finish line. I'd like to do better at realizing when things aren't getting traction sooner, and taking more effective escalation approaches sooner if things aren't moving, while addressing other, smaller things that can be delivered in the interim rather than blocking on the One Big Most Important Thing.
				- Not being as effective of a champion of my team's work as I could be. I've let individual analysts manage most of their stakeholder relationships, along with Mark, given his prior relationships and deep expertise. However that hasn't improved cross-team visibility of what we're learning.
					- Being more proactive about showing their work to a wider audience (monthly research update newsletter, research working group presentations, and prioritizing documentation & training for self-service for all staff) would really improve things here.
			- Visibility improvers:
				- Trainings
					- Create & institute ongoing trainings with Analytics team for all staff (& coordinate w/ hr for all new staff)
						- Basic Statistical Self Service - run monthly; couple with a very dumb analytics portal
					- Metric Setting Workshops - for KPI season and managers
				- Analytics Portal - List all the dashboards and research.
					- Cull or improve everything that's not usable
				-
		-
		-
## End-of-Day Wrapup
	- [EoD](((62a8f8a3-8e3a-4933-a94d-35cf93d8efe9))) {{renderer :smartblock, eod, Insert EoD, true}}