---
alias: Philadelphia Inquirer
---

-
- Next work on the project is implementing [[datadog]] on the [[inquirer/Feeds API]]
	- was having issues installing go service for [[datadog]] on containers
	- a datadog agent container would
- [[inquirer/newsroom]] #maps created a [Philadelphia Neighborhoods](https://www.dvrpc.org/webmaps/pin/index.htm) webmap with the source data in geojson.
- [[inquirer/Experimentation Coordination]]
- alias:: [[inquirer/Experimentation Coordination]]
  tags:: [[inquirer/project]]
  title:: inquirer/Experimentation Coordination
- # #Inquirer [[Data Team]]
	- [[inquirer/Experimentation Coordination]] would be the right way to approach consolidating the work of ((624b1e3e-c287-4d94-b3ab-afac69282feb)) & ((624b1e3e-5ba0-4d04-b300-ac49b3881421)).
		- Especially because ((624b1e3e-5ba0-4d04-b300-ac49b3881421)) was supposed to be a very contentious point with marketing.
- ---
  tags: [[inquirer/person]] 
  alias: Eva, eva
  ---
- Previously did Q4 OKRs with [[inquirer/analytics]]
- ---
  tags: inquirer, meeting-notes
  ---
- Using [[CircleCI]] for [[inquirer/Feeds API]] and [[inquirer/design system]]
	- Different build tools
		- [[Arc fusion]] using [[arc]] deployer
		- lambdas use [[Jenkins]]
		- Likes the idea of using [[Github Actions]] to centralize our knowledge
	- Cname [[inquirer/dns]] config
		- Apigee reverse proxy
- ---
  tags: inquirer/person
  alias: Lisa, CEO
  ---
- what's wrong with [[Inquirer]] internal comms
	- Problems
		-
		- Listservs are not managed by those with the closest governance ability
	- examples:
		- The Exchange mentorship video having only 177 views, months after publication
- ---
  tags: inquirer/colleague, inquirer, inquirer/person
  alias: Mark, Loomis
  ---
  
  Links: [1:1 notes](https://inquirer.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/KB/pages/1794506799/Mark+-+David+1+1)
- # Initial Thoughts on Preset for [[Inquirer]] [[2022-02-07]]
  
  Note to [[Brian Waligorski]]
  1. Superset's not ready for BQ Primetime.
  	1. SQL Lab fetches table previews with SELECT * LIMIT commands every time a user looks at a new dataset in the UI. They're going to have to use the table preview / row retrieval that's costless before we consider rolling it out broadly.
  	2. It's not yet offering User Impersonation for BQ. Everything goes through its Service Account to get to a DB. Not a non-starter, but would be very good to have BQ logs have that granularity.
  	3. **Current Recommendation**: Do not broadly roll out a BI tool without understanding BQ cost implications. Limit prior use of general data exploration tools to constrained, known, pre-alpha users, and only with usage guidance well-defined and pre-communicated (DE, Analytics, possibly one or two other individuals with specific constrained use cases).
  	4. **Process Recommendation:** When scoping general BI tools, ensure we're getting info on infrastructure impact implications and tooling to support cost management.
  2. We almost certainly would benefit from an external data discovery layer, even with Superset in place.
  	1.  Superset can't play the role of a data catalog. Explicit datasets must be added manually to be searched, or otherwise navigated hierarchically  (Database [BQ: Project] > Schema [BQ: Dataset] > Schema Table [BQ: Table]).
  	2.  Data search is poor. Even for explicitly added datasets, you can't search by table fields.
  	3.  **CURRENT RECOMMENDATION:** Encourage BQ UI for limited search today based on table names. Field / schema description search will need to be provided by formal data catalog.
  	4.  **PROCESS RECOMMENDATION:** Data catalog may be useful in working with data team projects in short-term. See if Google Data Catalog or Hosted Datahub can cheaply serve this search need without integration or upkeep.
  5. Obviously this is purely explorative. Simply having this visibility has been useful for quickly exploring data we have in BQ, but it's also tamped down my appetite to think about anything resembling generalized access. It's made the complexity in working with customer data tooling substantially more apparent to me, recommitting to the notion of Data Studio for general data access for the time being as a higher priority.
- [[Inquirer]] CFO / COO
- ---
  tags: inquirer/person, inquirer/colleague
  alias: Darya, darya
  ---
- # OKR Workshop
  #inquirer/projects : Host a data and insights [[#OKR Workshop]] week of [[2022-01-10]]. Cover OKRs for 2022 and Q1
- [[inquirer/mobile app]] testing: Firebase remote config
	- custom system build by [[Bryan Deemer]]
- ---
  alias: killing DSI
  tags: [[dibb]] [[inquirer/project]] 
  ---
- TODO Tried to write a [memo](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-w0v80DKlf6OjJyFQWGXqc6C1Z_KLU2vFj4gE9j4nOI/edit) about staffing for the #Inquirer
- ---
  tags: inquirer/department
  alias: Operations
  ---
- #Inquirer Organization Priorities
- ---
  alias: Gabe
  tags: inquirer/person, inquirer/newsroom
  ---
- ---
  alias: Incident Tracking
  tags: inquirer/projects, dibb
  ---
- LATER #blocker [[inquirer/Experimentation Coordination]] #[[dibb]]
- ---
  aliases: Mark, Loomis
  tags: inquirer/person, inquirer/analytics
  ---
- Cname [[inquirer/dns]] config
	- Apigee reverse proxy
- ---
  tags: inquirer, inquirer/hr
  alias: Performance Goals
  omnifocus: omnifocus:///task/mxZzQ2Hw18q
  ---
- ---
  alias: dmp
  tags: inquirer, inquirer/adsales
  ---
  
  "Data Management Platform" is the term of art for a probabalistic customer segmentation tool. As of [[2022-Q1]], the [[ad sales]] team is looking to use this to generate customer profiles based on forecasted 1st party data. Intended to be separate from [[Blueconic]].